[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR] Now, those who dare
to dream hoist their flags
and sail into the
Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece,
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
Two years have passed
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Reuniting after their
special training,
Luffy and his crew continue
on to the New World.
The first stop is Fishman
Island, thousands of feet
below sea level, where
trouble finds them quickly.
[SHARLEY]
The pirate boy in a straw hat!
It's an emergency!
He must leave the country!
Now, before we run out of time!
[gasps]
[SHARLEY] I saw him clearly
surrounded by flames.
Because of Straw Hat Luffy,
Fishman Island,
our country will be...
...destroyed!
[LUFFY
"The King of the Fishman Island!
Neptune, the God of the Sea!"
--[footsteps]
--[GYRO panting]
[GYRO]
Hurry up! We hafta move!
Come on, but quietly!
We can't let them know!
We're all dead if they notice.
It's our only chance. Get on
the ship and grab an oar!
We either get out of here
today, or we die trying!
[PIRATE 530AA]
C'mon faster!
They'll be on top
of us in minutes!
[GYRO] We'll never go
back to Fishman Island.
Don't let up till
we cross the Red Line!
Damn it! I never got
to visit the Mermaid Café!
[PIRATE 530B]
I never got to either!
It's such a waste!
[GYRO] Will you idiots
get over it already?
Just shut up and keep rowing!
This whole thing is a disaster.
I thought we had it made after
we got past the sleeping kraken,
then they ambushed us.
At 10,000 meters below
and with so many sea monsters
at their disposal, there was
no way to defend ourselves!
They told us we could join
the New Fishman Pirates,
or we could die.
As if they were really
giving us a choice at all.
Who wouldn't pick
life over death?
It's absurd!
I mean, each and every
one of us is human.
Why would they want us
in their ranks anyway?
[PIRATE 530B]
Goodbye, Mermaid Café!
Goodbye!
[PIRATES sobbing]
[GYRO]
I told you all to get over it!
We're lucky to even
be alive right now!
Really? They escaped?
I'm afraid so, boss.
My back was turned,
and they got away.
[DOSUN]
Humans are always runnin for it.
You'd think they woulda
learned by now.
[ZEO] Heh. Cowardice
is in their nature.
[DARUMA] You shoulda let me
chew on them when I offered!
Caw, caw, caw!
[chuckles] Ugh, what
a pain in the ass.
[laughs] No, it's good.
See, now we can
use 'em as examples.
[chuckles] Then I'll go
and drag 'em back
so you can teach
'em their lesson.
[HORDY] Not this time,
you won't. Stay here.
Uh, if you say so, boss.
I'll go myself.
[DARUMA]
Huh?
[HORDY] You heard me.
Get the bubble ready.
Boss! You can't take that
much power drug at once!
It's dangerous!
[HORDY sighs]
[HORDY grunting]
[screams]
[laughs]
[PAPPAGU]
Ah. Home sweet home!
All right! Shall we go in?
Hah!
[laughs] It's huge!
[PAPPAGU STAFF]
Welcome home, master!
Can we get you anything?
[PAPPAGU]
Heh, heh!
[FANGIRL MERMAID 530A]
Oh, my gosh! Monsieur Pappagu!
[FANGIRL FISHWOMAN 530A] As in
the super famous designer?
[FANGIRL MERMAID 530B]
I thought he'd be taller.
Man. Being famous
must be a pain.
[PAPPAGU chuckles]
What are ya talkin' about? I
live for this kind of attention!
When I'm in the water,
I'm what you'd call...
...a fashionable starfish.
But on Fishman Island,
I'm so much more than that.
Seeing as I'm the president
and lead designer
for Criminal Brand clothes!
The products we make are
coveted throughout the world!
No country is off limits
for our store chains!
Even Doskoi Panda is--
Whoa! What's that?
There's tons of people!
Hey! Are you listening? Come on!
And the first floor is
a Criminal Brand store.
--[LUFFY] Cool!
--I wasn't done talking.
We should go check it out!
'Kay!
Wait! Guys!
What about my story?
[SALESMAN 530A] Miss, I'm sorry.
but I can't accommodate you.
Giving you a discount like
that could cost me my job!
Sounds like someone
is causing them trouble.
People have some nerve.
[NAMI]
Did you not hear me?
I don't care how cute
these clothes are,
they're way too expensive!
Speaking of nerve...
[NAMI] I want you to cut
the price to 10,000 berries!
But that's less than
half the retail price!
You must understand,
I cannot do that!
It's just as I
thought. Cheapskate.
Hey! There you are, Nami!
[NAMI]
Luffy!
Oh, hi, Camie!
It's been so long!
How have you been?
Good!
All right. What seems
to be the problem here?
Oh! Thank goodness you
showed up, Monsieur Pappagu.
She wants half off,
just like her wardrobe.
[gasps] So you're the one in
charge of this extortion ring?
You lower your prices,
or I'll lower you.
Oh, Monsieur!
Y'see, there's a thing
called "brand equity."
Because my designs
are popular, they're--
You're not listening!
Okay, okay, I get it!
Look, we're all friends
here, aren't we?
I guess I owe ya.
For all the help you
gave us two years ago.
Whatever ya want's free!
Take as much as you can carry!
For real? Why, thank you!
You know what to do, guys.
Let's bleed 'em dry!
[BROOK, USOPP, LUFFY]
Yeah!
You're the greatest!
Monsieur! They took
everything we had!
Aw, come on! You could
cut me some slack!
Talk about a deal! Or steal.
[CROWD murmuring]
[LUFFY]
Huh?
My. What's all that racket?
Something serious
must be happening.
Monsieur! We have an emergency!
[PAPPAGU]
What is it?
[panting]
It's him! He is here!
That's kinda vague.
[MERMAID 530A gasps]
I can't believe it!
Someone pinch me!
Up there in the sky!
You can see him!
We're in the
presence of royalty!
[NEPTUNE]
Jamon! Jamon!
Jamon, Jamon, Jamon!
Jamon, Jamon...
What the heck is that?
Some kinda whale?
[NEPTUNE] Jamon, Jamon,
Jamon, Jamon, Jamon!
Jamon!
[gasps] What is he doing down
here in the lower world?
This is my first
time seeing him.
[FISHMAN 530AA]
This is unheard of.
He doesn't even have guards!
[FISHWOMAN 530AA] Why is that?
Did something happen?
He's never travelled
unattended before!
[FISHMAN 530BB] Something must
be wrong in the kingdom!
That has to be it!
He never comes down here
unless there's an emergency!
[NEPTUNE laughs]
Okay. Who's the old guy?
Come on! How have you not
figured this out by now?
It's kinda really important!
The merman in front of you is
the King of the Ryugu Kingdom!
The ruler of Fishman Island.
The God of the Sea, Neptune!
[NEPTUNE]
Indeed I am.
Whale!
Oh, wow. Is this dude
enormous or what?
I'd rather see a
mermaid than a merman.
[PAPPAGU]
Will you two shut up?
He's super old. And he's
super hairy, too. Gross.
Keep your observations
to yourself!
Kneel down and
show some respect!
Can we talk about
how cute the whale is?
Is he here because
of the humans?
[FISHMAN 530C]
That seems kind of beneath him.
[NEPTUNE]
Hm. Well, Megalo?
Are you certain these are the
people you encountered earlier?
[growls]
Hold on. I know him!
We met that shark
when we were outside.
Oh, yeah, right!
I recognize the shirt.
So this is where you
went after we saved you!
[NEPTUNE]
Hear my words, Straw Hat people.
[NAMI, LUFFY, USOPP]
Huh?
[NEPTUNE]
Mm...
Uh. We're listening.
[NEPTUNE]
The reason I am here...
Huh.
[NEPTUNE] Is to invite you
all to the Ryugu Palace!
[BOTH]
What?!
You're personally inviting
them to the palace?!
Is that supposed
to be a big deal?
[crinkling]
[CHOPPER]
Good. Your pulse is stabilizing.
It looks like you're
gonna be fine.
I hope you appreciate all the
stuff everyone's done for you.
Especially them.
"Appreciate?"
Need more blood babe?
Just think, a part of us
will be inside you forever!
[SANJI screams]
Don't worry, Chopper.
I don't think I'll ever forget.
I'm happy to hear that.
I can't believe you
almost died, though.
Especially from something
as silly as a nosebleed.
What would Nami and Robin say?
[yelps] Nami. Robin.
No! You can't have a relapse
when we're this close!
Hey, get in here!
Splash and Splatta, hurry!
[BLOND DONOR]
Coming!
Is the patient in need
of more of our fluids?
[BRUNETTE DONOR gasps]
If so, just say the word.
He can have...
[BOTH]
...anything!
[screams]
Now now, you know you
have to stay calm, silly!
Leave everything
to us, we'll be here.
[BOTH]
All night long!
[SANJI]
No means no!
[BRUNETTE DONOR]
There's no need to be shy!
[BLOND DONOR]
Let it happen!
Getting worked up
is bad for your health!
[SANJI] There is nothing
worse for my health
in this entire place than
you two! Get away from me!
Hang tight, Sanji.
[SANJI]
Get off of me! [screams]
You want them...
...to go to the...
[BOTH]
...palace with you?
[NEPTUNE]
Yes, that's correct.
[CROWD]
What?!
No way!
A bunch of humans are
invited to the palace?
These people must
be really important!
Especially considering
King Neptune
came to get them himself.
So is it possible that these
guys are famous or something?
They do know Mosieur Pappagu.
[FISHWOMAN 530B] Wait a second!
Isn't that Soul King?
[FISHWOMAN 530C]
It is!
Why is this Ryugu
place so important?
[PAPPAGU] Don't you know
what a palace is?!
Here are the details.
Ryugu Palace is like, well,
it's like a holy icon for the
citizens of Fishman Island.
Y'see, to us,
it's a heavenly body
where none of us are
ever allowed to enter!
But it's so much more than that.
King Neptune, along with
the three prince brothers,
and the Mermaid Princess,
call the place their--
...home!
The Royal Family lives there.
So it's like a house.
[STRAW HATS]
Oh.
Aw! Camie! That was dull!
Huh. Hey, old man?
[PAPPAGU]
Show him some respect!
So, this palace of yours.
You got any really
good food there?
[PAPPAGU yells]
[NEPTUNE]
Naturally.
We are prepared to have
a banquet in your honor.
We're in! Why didn't
ya lead with that?
This is certainly an
unexpected development!
It's almost more than
my heart can handle!
Good thing that I don't
have a heart anymore.
♪ Oh-ho!
Let's get moving, guys!
The royal family?
I bet they've got tons
of treasure laying around!
How did I know that's
why you wanted to go?
All right! Let's roll!
[NEPTUNE]
Mm-hm. Well, Megalo.
I'm counting on you to transport
these Straw Hat people
to the Ryugu Palace in luxury.
[STRAW HATS]
Ah!
[STRAW HATS laughs]
You want us to climb up?
[MEGALO]
Shar! Shar!
Woo-hoo! So cool!
[BROOK] I hope we meet
the Mermaid Princess!
[USOPP]
You and me both, buddy!
[laughs]
Hey, what are you doing?
Aren't you guys coming, too?
Uh. Well... W-We're
not allowed to go.
It's off limits to
people like us. Right?
Will you just stop
complaining and get on?
My dinner is waiting!
And we can't say
goodbye already!
It's not a problem.
Right, Grandpa?
You can't just call
the king "Grandpa"!
[NEPTUNE] Of course not.
Your friends are welcome also.
Hear that? Grandpa said
you can come, too!
This can't be happening!
Okay, but, please,
just be polite!
Cool! Let's go!
It's time to eat!
[PIRATE 530BB]
Hurry up. We gotta move!
[GYRO]
Row faster!
We're already living
on borrowed time!
[PIRATE 530CC]
If only it weren't so hard
to catch a current
in the deep sea!
[GYRO] That's why we should
have equipped ourselves
with paddle wheels!
We weren't ready for the
New World after all!
[yelps] Captain! Look there!
[PIRATE 530C] There's something
in the water in front of us!
[GYRO gasps]
Oh, no! That's Hordy Jones!
He found us! We're screwed!
Hold on! See his hands?
Those are handcuffs. Why's
he stuck in those things?
[PIRATE 530F] You don't
think he plans to fight us
like that, do ya?
[laughs]
He's gone! Where the
hell did he go?
[growls]
[GYRO gasps]
[PIRATES scream]
Get up! He's
coming back around!
[PIRATE 530DD]
He's tearing us apart!
How the hell is he this fast?
[PIRATE yells]
[gasps]
[yelps] What do we do now, boss?
Take him out!
There's only one
of him, after all!
[laughs]
[PIRATE 530I]
Oh, no. What now?
You're not the first Fishman
I've fought against,
and I've done your dirty work.
Now it's my chance
to return the favor.
You're only a damn fish.
So let me teach you a lesson.
Don't mess with humans!
Captain, no!
I'm not done yet!
Yeah. You are.
[IKAROS] We were tough before,
but we're unbeatable with this.
Our power drug,
the Energy Steroid.
[ZEO] Fishmen are naturally
ten times stronger than humans,
but that hasn't made a
strong enough impression.
However, with just one pill,
we can double our strength
and finally strike some terror
into their cowardly
little hearts.
I don't know if I'd go
as far as our boss,
but doubling the dose
and doubling the effect
has its benefits.
Even if it does
shorten our lifespan.
Well, we aren't afraid of dying
if we can realize
our dream, right?
[PIRATE 530K] Wait. What
the hell is he doing now?
[PIRATE 530L] Get away
from the mast, you freak!
That's why! The handcuffs!
He wore them to prove
that he doesn't need
his hands to sink us!
[ZEO] Not only did humans
kill Fisher Tiger,
but they also dashed
Arlong's dreams.
The dark chain of events that
have cursed our race end now.
That is our purpose as
the New Fishman Pirates!
[PIRATES screaming]
[PIRATES yell]
[HORDY] Set them adrift
in the New World.
Okay? But some of those
guys are still alive.
Shouldn't we kill
them all first?
[HORDY laughs]
No, they have a purpose.
You'll see.
Those of you who are
getting away with just cuts
and bruises will live
to send a message.
Tell the people up above what
happened to you in the sea.
Let them know who
did this to you.
You've seen my
strength firsthand,
so don't spare a single detail.
Because once we've liberated
Fishman Island from the gutless
"God of the Sea" Neptune,
we'll be coming to drag you
humans to the bottom of these
depths, I promise you that!
And the Fishmen will stand
on top of the world,
as the supreme species!
[laughs]
[NARRATOR] Luffy and friends
accept King Neptune's invitation
and head for Ryugu Palace.
However, Luffy is tempted
by the smell of food
and leaves the group
in search of something to eat.
Wandering the palace,
he soon comes upon an enormous
tower with a sturdy sealed door.
What is the story behind
the strange weapons
lodged in its side?
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Ryugu Palace! Taken by
the Shark That They Saved!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!